cc


 By Alexandre Gautier Ongoing project - started 10-27-2021, must end by 10-28-2021 (in about 16 hours) - you're done with 0% of tasks. Checker will be released at 10-27-2021 12:00 PM QA review fully automated.ResourcesRead or watch:Function Pointer in CPointers to functionsFunction Pointers in C / C++why pointers to functions?Everything you need to know about pointers in CLearning ObjectivesAt the end of this project, you are expected to be able to explain to anyone, without the help of Google:GeneralWhat are function pointers and how to use themWhat does a function pointer exactly holdWhere does a function pointer point to in the virtual memoryRequirementsGeneralAllowed editors: vi, vim, emacsAll your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89All your files should end with a new lineA README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatoryYour code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.plYou are not allowed to use global variablesNo more than 5 functions per fileThe only C standard library functions allowed are malloc, free and exit. Any use of functions like printf, puts, calloc, realloc etc… is forbiddenYou are allowed to use _putcharYou don’t have to push _putchar.c, we will use our file. If you do it won’t be taken into accountIn the following examples, the main.c files are shown as examples. You can use them to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo (if you do we won’t take them into account). We will use our own main.c files at compilation. Our main.c files might be different from the one shown in the examplesThe prototypes of all your functions and the prototype of the function _putchar should be included in your header file called function_pointers.hDon’t forget to push your header fileAll your header files should be include guardedQuiz questionsShowTasks0. What's my namemandatoryWrite a function that prints a name.Prototype: void print_name(char *name, void (*f)(char *));julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ cat 0-main.c#include <stdio.h>#include "function_pointers.h"/** * print_name_as_is - prints a name as is * @name: name of the person * * Return: Nothing. */void print_name_as_is(char *name){    printf("Hello, my name is %s\n", name);}/** * print_name_uppercase - print a name in uppercase * @name: name of the person * * Return: Nothing. */void print_name_uppercase(char *name){    unsigned int i;    printf("Hello, my uppercase name is ");    i = 0;    while (name[i])    {        if (name[i] >= 'a' && name[i] <= 'z')        {            putchar(name[i] + 'A' - 'a');        }        else        {            putchar(name[i]);        }        i++;    }}/** * main - check the code * * Return: Always 0. */int main(void){    print_name("Bob", print_name_as_is);    print_name("Bob Dylan", print_name_uppercase);    printf("\n");    return (0);}julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 0-main.c 0-print_name.c -o ajulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./a Hello, my name is BobHello, my uppercase name is BOB DYLANjulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ Repo:GitHub repository: holbertonschool-low_level_programmingDirectory: 0x0F-function_pointersFile: 0-print_name.c 1. If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it donemandatoryWrite a function that executes a function given as a parameter on each element of an array.Prototype: void array_iterator(int *array, size_t size, void (*action)(int));where size is the size of the arrayand action is a pointer to the function you need to usejulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ cat 1-main.c#include <stdio.h>#include "function_pointers.h"/** * print_elem - prints an integer * @elem: the integer to print * * Return: Nothing. */void print_elem(int elem){    printf("%d\n", elem);}/** * print_elem_hex - prints an integer, in hexadecimal * @elem: the integer to print * * Return: Nothing. */void print_elem_hex(int elem){    printf("0x%x\n", elem);}/** * main - check the code * * Return: Always 0. */int main(void){    int array[5] = {0, 98, 402, 1024, 4096};    array_iterator(array, 5, &print_elem);    array_iterator(array, 5, &print_elem_hex);    return (0);}julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 1-main.c 1-array_iterator.c -o bjulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./b 098402102440960x00x620x1920x4000x1000julien@ubuntu:~//0x0e. Function pointers$ Repo:GitHub repository: holbertonschool-low_level_programmingDirectory: 0x0F-function_pointersFile: 1-array_iterator.c 2. To hell with circumstances; I create opportunitiesmandatoryWrite a function that searches for an integer.Prototype: int int_index(int *array, int size, int (*cmp)(int));where size is the number of elements in the array arraycmp is a pointer to the function to be used to compare valuesint_index returns the index of the first element for which the cmp function does not return 0If no element matches, return -1If size <= 0, return -1julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ cat 2-main.c#include <stdio.h>#include "function_pointers.h"/** * is_98 - check if a number is equal to 98 * @elem: the integer to check * * Return: 0 if false, something else otherwise. */int is_98(int elem){    return (98 == elem);}/** * is_strictly_positive - check if a number is greater than 0 * @elem: the integer to check * * Return: 0 if false, something else otherwise. */int is_strictly_positive(int elem){    return (elem > 0);}/** * abs_is_98 - check if the absolute value of a number is 98 * @elem: the integer to check * * Return: 0 if false, something else otherwise. */int abs_is_98(int elem){    return (elem == 98 || -elem == 98);}/** * main - check the code * * Return: Always 0. */int main(void){    int array[20] = {0, -98, 98, 402, 1024, 4096, -1024, -98, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 98};    int index;    index = int_index(array, 20, is_98);    printf("%d\n", index);    index = int_index(array, 20, abs_is_98);    printf("%d\n", index);    index = int_index(array, 20, is_strictly_positive);    printf("%d\n", index);    return (0);}julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 2-main.c 2-int_index.c -o cjulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./c 212julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ Repo:GitHub repository: holbertonschool-low_level_programmingDirectory: 0x0F-function_pointersFile: 2-int_index.c 3. A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim atmandatoryWrite a program that performs simple operations.You are allowed to use the standard libraryUsage: calc num1 operator num2You can assume num1 and num2 are integers, so use the atoi function to convert them from the string input to intoperator is one of the following:+: addition-: subtraction*: multiplication/: division%: moduloThe program prints the result of the operation, followed by a new lineYou can assume that the result of all operations can be stored in an intif the number of arguments is wrong, print Error, followed by a new line, and exit with the status 98if the operator is none of the above, print Error, followed by a new line, and exit with the status 99if the user tries to divide (/ or %) by 0, print Error, followed by a new line, and exit with the status 100This task requires that you create four different files.3-calc.hThis file should contain all the function prototypes and data structures used by the program. You can use this structure:/** * struct op - Struct op * * @op: The operator * @f: The function associated */typedef struct op{    char *op;    int (*f)(int a, int b);} op_t;3-op_functions.cThis file should contain the 5 following functions (not more):op_add: returns the sum of a and b. Prototype: int op_add(int a, int b);op_sub: returns the difference of a and b. Prototype: int op_sub(int a, int b);op_mul: returns the product of a and b. Prototype: int op_mul(int a, int b);op_div: returns the result of the division of a by b. Prototype: int op_div(int a, int b);op_mod: returns the remainder of the division of a by b. Prototype: int op_mod(int a, int b);3-get_op_func.cThis file should contain the function that selects the correct function to perform the operation asked by the user. You’re not allowed to declare any other function.Prototype: int (*get_op_func(char *s))(int, int);where s is the operator passed as argument to the programThis function returns a pointer to the function that corresponds to the operator given as a parameter. Example: get_op_func("+") should return a pointer to the function op_addYou are not allowed to use switch statementsYou are not allowed to use for or do ... while loopsYou are not allowed to use gotoYou are not allowed to use elseYou are not allowed to use more than one if statement in your codeYou are not allowed to use more than one while loop in your codeIf s does not match any of the 5 expected operators (+, -, *, /, %), return NULLYou are only allowed to declare these two variables in this function:    op_t ops[] = {        {"+", op_add},        {"-", op_sub},        {"*", op_mul},        {"/", op_div},        {"%", op_mod},        {NULL, NULL}    };    int i;3-main.cThis file should contain your main function only.You are not allowed to code any other function than main in this fileYou are not allowed to directly call op_add, op_sub, op_mul, op_div or op_mod from the main functionYou have to use atoi to convert arguments to intYou are not allowed to use any kind of loopYou are allowed to use a maximum of 3 if statementsCompilation and examplesjulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 3-main.c 3-op_functions.c 3-get_op_func.c -o calcjulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 1 + 12julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 97 + 198julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 1024 / 10102julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 1024 '*' 98100352julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 1024 '\*' 98Errorjulien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 1024 - 98926julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ ./calc 1024 '%' 9844julien@ubuntu:~/0x0e. Function pointers$ Repo:GitHub repository: holbertonschool-low_level_programmingDirectory: 0x0F-function_pointersFile: 3-main.c, 3-op_functions.c, 3-get_op_func.c, 3-calc.h Copyright © 2021 Holberton Inc, All rights reserved.
